hello everyone, welcome shop
sledge class
wanted a new sport collection yes
please today we will consider
gloves from the new collection from the company
u and sport and this model eliminator
absolute mushroom and what is worth noting that
new collection in the company of sport is like
the previous collection is made very
I like bright colors this time
let's take a closer look at them
much has changed the previous model
that they have a fit with the size of
latex but all major
characteristics that could you
interest
therefore considered goalkeeper
Gloves from the company are digging now
consider another German
manufacturer also specializing
on about the sky equipment with regards to
reluctance 2 rocker on hand let's
let's see what happens here and sticky
here are not made by itself
not in the middle so you are unlikely
scratch and lats on the index finger
when putting on 2 gloves on hand though
Of course in this regard, the company role
much more convenient to perform helps
mechanism and there in general with this question
no though i'm glove
easy enough to put on the hand and
let me first show you these
gloves closer
well and let's consider all their main
4mm latex specifications
absolutely mowed down trying top
latex sports company suitable for
games in any weather and absolutely any
level this is naturally the one over with which
used by professionals around
the world in particular, for example, and coal rice
and other similar goalkeepers
naturally it will be much better too
latex aqua soft but how can you
understand any professional
goalkeeper gloves can not be so
bad too because they are intended
professionals who play
naturally in any weather though
some manufacturers for example their
main profile areas still is
dry weather in particular nike and
so 4 millimeter latex absolute
grip + large on a soft lining
the thickness of the gloves here is small i wouldn't
there was nothing super thick but
superfine they absolutely can not call it
There is here such a thickness that I am very
I like it optimally
and for shock absorbing and for great
feelings of the ball blood here negative had
of the rear part of course completely
made of latex in the back also lunge
soft lined gloves are very nice
felt on the hands and nothing fetters
vegetable movements are soft and again
I repeat very much I love so thick
gloves and in my opinion optimal
regards to ventilation here are special and not so
much since you are on vin cut negative to
but no less so that the gloves were
breathing made textile inserts on
index finger that go along
until the end of the thumb is also on
the back of the gloves therefore ventilation
Basically there is enough well seals
yourself easy enough thousands
so there will be no problems with it
standard length of clasps path of
exile wrist problems with landing on
no hand on this clasp of course
you can do the painting according to your
desire by the way with regards to the clutch shifted
this is wolford 's signature glove
which you get out of the packaging and
going on guys following
I think you can hear perfectly how
gloves now stick to each other
it does not know is not typical for many
manufacturers do not know why u and sports
this is how it happens therefore by
Essentially gloves can be applied immediately as
only you bought ie bought and or
immediately into battle
there is no protection for weak data gloves
regards size here
interesting point this particular
model size 80 half and can
say that to my eight these
gloves sit like that i mean i
Now I do not really imagine how it will be on
my hand here we take to since
here
my fingers are already stuck in the tips
glove fingers and after so i
I think that their being a little uncomfortable yes
of course the thumb has a small
the stock here here it is but in general to me
very comfortable in size of eight with
half i guess i would
recommended a network of gloves to the floor
bigger size but overall i think
that the eight will just sit
perfect tight in hand i am landing like that
I do not like fans of a perfect tight fit
I advise you to take the size in size
landing size troop larin on my
the look is just perfect and i would i
preferred exactly where the floor
razmerchik more well, and perhaps all that
wanted to tell now let's all this
Union measures a four-meter ax and
latex from sport then latex absolute mushroom
Does it fit any level and into any
the weather is natural rain the best water
aqua soft but it is professional
gloves or what so many problems not
will be
this i can say from my own experience 4
millimeter plus made soft
lining the back of course
entirely made of latex sadit
also the lining is made extremely negative
optimally to the glove thickness round
there is also a great feeling of the ball and and
impact cancellation exactly page on
high enough
standard abundant clasp on board
fixes wrists and problems by landing on
they are not on this clasp of course you
You can make your application
optional protective data inserts
There are no gloves and with regards to the size of this
specific model size eight with
half in my opinion perfect
landing on my eight so i would
recommended to take on the floor size
more fans of a perfect tight fit
take times the size to death on
take eight
eight but overall I would recommend
take on the floor razmerchik more to me on
My view is such a fit is perfect overall
that's all i wanted to tell you again
I will note
i'm very design very cool color
so -called turquoise tiffany dvizhek
but they absolutely i would say
brightly colored many company correction
the sport itself I would not have what is
big difference from the previous model
porthole its causes measles also
It was the past these need only she was
yellow green colors the most difference is not
so much can be a little different
the lining is made but the print is hanging on
very cool deserve your
attention
therefore recommends try all who
Waited for a new collection from the company Valv
sport and hope you enjoyed it
video subscribe to my channel
youtube and like and tell
about this video to friends is very important
there was an online store for you and me
kerchiefs all convenient